Add a note about render-tests relying on the dev-build (#4101)
maplibre/maplibre-gl-js: test/README.md

npm test
```

Note that for Linux you'll need to prefix test commands with `xvfb-run -a` for example `xvfb-run -a npm run test`.
Note that some tests rely on the built project and will not pass until you have run `npm run build-dist`.

> There are also some render tests that rely on the dev-build of the project, and they will not pass until you have run `npm run build-dev`.

Reviewer: I believe all render tests require the dev build, don't they?

Author: @HarelM Oh, I'm not sure if *all* of them. I think when I was working on that other PR, some render tests were changing their results when I was rerunning `build-prod`. But I might be mistaken.

If you think that all of them do, I can change the wording.

Reviewer: Il be surprised, see here: 
https://github.com/maplibre/maplibre-gl-js/blob/7936937526666e79f7b9173db0df7bfab85c0886/test/integration/render/run_render_tests.ts#L781

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The render tests rely on the dev-build of the project, and they will not pass until you have run `npm run build-dev`. Don't forget to run it after changing your code as well.
```
